all that wraps up the week a week that
has taught us that an oil spill can
leave beautiful beaches almost as filthy
as Kevin Rudd's mouth but what have we
learned well I've learned I have a
reason to start watching home-and-away
again thanks Pete but unlike my other
lesbian buing at least this one one shop
on the old credit statement this week I
learned that I find kevin rudd sexually
attractive did I say Kevin Rudd sorry I
meant cardboard this week I've learned
that the word brooding has two meetings
in Australia so now I am most definitely
rooting for Rove this week we've learned
that although we are dressed in 1702
outfits we can't act like we're in the
1700s no earlier this week I had one of
my housemates hanged for taking a slice
of my bread that's wrong and I know that
you rest in peace Johnny I was saddened
to hear James Packer has lost over four
billion dollars now that guy should
really steer clear of the pokies I
learned right that apples are available
here in Australia don't want to come up
your ass
I found out that a lake in Louisiana has
the world's only pink no Beano dolphin
if that's true it means that when I saw
in 1984 really was my Scout masters
penis you can result all about it in my
new book Scout dishonor
anybody want surprise today please they
want to get our guest Zac Efron
yeah